Add CommitFunctions and update config with defaults (#768)
changesets/changesets: docs/config-file-options.md

> NOTE: the `linked`, `updateInternalDependencies`, and `ignore` options are only for behaviour in monorepos.

> ## `commit` (`true` | `false` or a module path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `commit` (`true` | `false` or `[modulePath: string, options: any]`)
```

> This option is for setting if the `changeset add` command and the `changeset publish` command will also add and commit the changed files using git, and how the commit messages should be generated for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is for setting if the `changeset add` command and the `changeset version` commands will also add and commit the changed files using git, and how the commit messages should be generated for them.
```
